Fix docs for pings (#595)
mozilla/glean: docs/user/pings/custom.md

Custom pings must be defined in a `pings.yaml` file, which is in the same directory alongside your app's `metrics.yaml` file.

> Ping names are limited to lowercase ASCII characters and hyphens and a maximum of 30 characters.

Reviewer: Just a wording nit: 
```suggestion
Ping names are limited to lowercase letters and hyphens with a maximum of 30 characters.
```

Reviewer 2: Why remove "ASCII"?  It's probably important to state that you can't use é, for example.

Reviewer: ASCII `0X8A` == `é`

Reviewer: Again, just a nit.  I'm fine if `ASCII` stays there, I know what is meant by it and most everyone else would too.

Author: Side stepped the whole issue by using the [same wording as in other places](https://docs.telemetry.mozilla.org/cookbooks/new_ping.html).

</div>

<div data-lang="Swift" class="tab">

In Swift, this object must be registered with Glean from your startup code

> (such as in your application's `application` method or a function called from that method).

Reviewer: It probably wouldn't hurt to mention _which_ `application` method we recommend, as there are several.
```suggestion
(such as in your application's `UIApplicationDelegate` [`application(_:didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:)`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiapplicationdelegate/1622921-application) method or a function called from that method).
```
